limit the time offer get that awesome
gaming your combo not for one $29.99 but
for $69.99 yes only 16 $9.99
Wow unbelievable hey what's up GG with
respect today to make a peacock now
they're vomiting spitting what a shit
monster here are the runes masteries
skill distribution and items that you
need to turn in the enemy team - there's
your ultimate go in the laning phases to
form your ass up with your dirty bomb
vomit combo to buy every blue ap items
and Grandpa Tim aschoff and when you get
that your dirty ball ski alone will be
enough to rack in the pocket change from
these mini gangsters if you really
insist on harassing your bananas simple
to attack spit dirty ball combo will do
the job no problem
add a little vomit to the previous combo
and you can be sure that the victim will
regret leaning against called sama but
you dirty fake jump bananas in the
jungle
instead when you're ready to kill the
wannabe dark magician you'll just keep
using your vomits get on our current
position because you know she's going to
teleport back here and use your other
skills to give her the killing blow job
is miss primo boobs trying to sneak
behind you fire gang then use a pork was
pig dirty ball I'd like to throw that
combo to steal some easy money and use
your flesh to get away from the spot 7up
ginger before he knocks you out with his
big belly after getting a few AP items
you can store your gank adventure by
setting the enemy's escape route with a
30-mile vomit combo and finish off the
map your macho by with a spit at the ass
after that you can take up miss jungle
2004 with your vomit skill find easy
double kill you can also leave your need
to help a teammate and a pinch by
harassing someone that faces a hotshot
for winning his name and then hide on
the brush like a true ninja to finish
the job with a poor 430 Baba beats
Picabo oh and by the way never forget to
spam your skills all day long to kill
your cure of the goddess at night links
beat the best to AP kog'maw has to lead
a team to victory his vomit skill that
allows him to deliver deep in dirty
retribution to anyone that dares to
oppose him that's right even if a
criminal is far away from you you can
shoot your vomit higher in the sky and
snap him like a true sniper i'll till he
dies isn't that beautiful this marvelous
skill can also be used to waste people's
time when they recall and doing it when
there are in their face has never been
funnier and teamfights all you ever do
is stay on a safe spot free of enemies
and bombing your breakfast in
sup elementary school snacks midnight
snacks Chinese Buffett macaroni pepper
in a spaghetti pipi and all the stuff
you ate in your life until your team or
do they get any here Aiden however
sometimes enemies will find a way to get
near you to try to whoop your ass when
you don't have to worry about it because
these two items will transform you into
a powerful thank you what a shit monster
that will kill any food before you ever
lose your life in fact you can disable
your QW and E keys because you never use
the medium unless an unlucky fuckabish
finds himself near you to get percent
and less than a second that's right the
only thing you need to do is to predict
the pup your victim will take to snipe
him to oblivion or to piss them off
until they can be sniped to oblivion for
the rest of the time you can simply stay
here and prevent the other team from
leaving the fountain while your team
mercilessly siege this peaceful town and
that is all my friend you will always be
the Winnie the Pooh of your games that's
it for today people don't forget to
check out my channel for more boring
League of Legends videos
feel free to leave a comment in any
language you want but i'll only answer
those in english and in french because
i'm a racist fuckabish
ciaossu